---
layout:       jobs
class:        job
title:        "HR Intern"
titles:        "Apply now | HR Intern"
photo: "https://www.orangeandbronze.com/assets/images/fb-careers.png"
description:  Helps in building the software community through supporting different areas, like academe, together with users groups and organizations.
date:         2018-04-03 16:43:00 +0800
categories:   jobs
redirect_from: 
  - /hr-intern
---
<!-- Do not leave new lines after each element. Elements after new lines will not be rendered. -->
<h6 class="-dark">Job Description:</h6>
<p>
  The HR Intern will be joining the talent management arm of Orange & Bronze Software Labs Inc. The team helps in building the software community through supporting different areas, like academe, together with users groups and organizations.
</p>
<p>
  This is complemented by the internal growth and career development of all our O&Bers, balancing growth from within and outside the company.
</p>
<p>
  Our role is defined by a long-term strategy, supported by our short-term wins. Aligning continuously, toward the vision of building a Filipino technology company admired by the world.
</p>
<p>
  A successful candidate will be exposed to the different initiatives that drive growth throughout O&B, from organizational events to process initiatives that make our vision more possible.
</p>
<h6 class="-dark">Job Description:</h6>
<ul>
  <li>
    Provides general administrative support to Recruitment activities of the company
  </li>
  <li>
    Screens and sources out resumes to various job portals
  </li>
  <li>
    Administers examinations to all shortlisted candidates
  </li>
  <li>
    Compiles scores and schedule interviews for qualified applicants
  </li>
  <li>
    Facilitates checking of examination papers, coordinates with the interviewer for his/her availability, and schedules interview both for technical and behavioral interviews
  </li>
  <li>
    Updates recruitment tracker to provide detailed information of all applicants
  </li>
  <li>
    Prepares Mutual Non-Disclosure Agreement for newly hired employees
  </li>
  <li>
    Performs routine clerical duties including replying to emails, filing, photocopying, and data entry
  </li>
  <li>
    Prepares job offer kits which includes pre-employment requirements, government forms, and bank forms
  </li>
  <li>
    Updates HR tracker for all types of movements such as promotion and salary increases.
  </li>
  <li>
    Assists in preparing HR internal and external events
  </li>
</ul>
<h6 class="-dark">Qualifications:</h6>
<p>
  Candidate must be currently pursuing a Bachelor’s / College Degree in Business Administration/Management, Human Resource Management, Psychology or equivalent.
</p>
<ul>
  <li>
    Required skills (s): Communication skills, adept in Office Applications
  </li>
  <li>
    Required language (s): Filipino, English
  </li>
  <li>
    Enthusiastic and displays a genuine interest on the tasks assigned
  </li>
  <li>
    Ability to function under minimal supervision
  </li>
</ul>